Week 4 (January 25th - January 29th) (#234)
packit/packit.dev: content/posts/January-2021.md

- We have temporarily disabled the testing-farm support because the cluster with old runner has died and the new runner is not ready.
  The tests are now skipped and you get `Testing farm is temporarily disabled.` status until we have the new runner available.
  ([packit-service#929](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/929))

## Week 4 (January 25th - January 29th)

> - CLI and service now support upstream/downstream default branch other than `master`.

Reviewer: Would it be more clear this way?

```suggestion
- The CLI and the service now detects the name of the default branch of a repository instead of assuming to be called  `master`.
```

  ([packit#1074](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/1074),
  [packit-service#924](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/924))

> - Build status page now points to the built SRPM uploaded to COPR.

Reviewer 2: not ~~very~~ stable at all yet, PR is open ;)

Author: we don't have to tell anyone ;-)

  ([packit-service#889](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/889))
- `propose-downstream` on source-git repositories now always uses `--local-content`.
  ([packit#1093](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/1093))

> - Hunor fixed [packit#1089](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/1089) in packit's internals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Hunor fixed bug ([packit#1089](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/1089)) that caused SRPM being built from wrong commit.
```
maybe?

> - Hunor fixed [packit#1089](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/1089) in packit's internals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hunor fixed a bug [packit#1089](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/1089) in Packit's internals which caused the wrong revision to be used for certain jobs in Packit Service.
```

> - Tomas improved reliability of our sandboxing service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tomas improved the reliability of our sandboxing service.
```
